# ClassWork 02 For NeXT CS
### Class Period:
### Name0: YOUR NAME HERE
### Name1: TABLE_BUDDY NAME HERE
### Name2: TABLE_BUDY+ NAME HERE 
### Name3: TABLE_BUDY+ NAME HERE (if applicable, delete this line if not)

---

## Background
Your goal is to get ChatGPT to create a program with the following features:
* 3 classes: Polygon, Triangle, RegularGon
* RegularGon and Triangle should be subclasses of Polygon.
* Polygon class:
  * Polygon objects should be able to represent any closed polygon (with a reasonable number of sides).
  * Polygon constructor(s) should be able to generate random polygons with a specific number of sides.
  * Polygon objects should have a method to be displayed on a screen.
  * Polygon objects shold have a toString() method that includes the number of points and list of vertices.
* Triangle objcts should be polygons that only have 3 sides.
* RegularGon objects should always have sides of equal length.
* The driver file should generate 2 objects of each class, draw them to the screen and display their information (from toString()) below each shape on th screen.

## Task 0: Setup
Only one member of your group needs to have an account to use ChatGPT, if someone has one already, go ahead and use that. If not, pick one person to sign up, the simplest method to sign up would be to authenticate with google and use your stuy.edu email address. Authentication will require recieving a text message, so pick someone that has easy access to their phone.

You can find ChatGPT here: <https://chat.openai.com/chat>

## Task 1: The First Program
### Your Prompt
Provide below the first description you gave ChatGPT:

YOUR ANSWER HERE

### The Code
Put the code that ChatGPT generated in a single markdown file called __0-program.md__. use <pre>```</pre> at the beginning and end of the entire file to dennote that it is actually code.

### Your Analysis
Answer the Following Questions
#### Question 0
What did ChatGPT get right?

YOUR ANSWER HERE

#### Question 1
What did ChatGPT get wrong?

YOUR ANSWER HERE

#### Question 2
Overall, how well did ChatGPT do?

YOUR ANSWER HERE

#### Question 3:
How much of the code generated by ChatGPT do you understand?

YOUR ANSWER HERE

#### Question 4:
Are there things you would've coded differently? If so, what?

YOUR ANSWER HERE


## Task 2: Refinement
If you can, take the initial code from ChatGPT and run it in processing. Based on your answers the questions above, and your observations about how the program runs, ask ChatGPT to improve it. ChatGPT will gnerally understand that you are asking to make changes to your inital prompt, so you don't need to restate the enire problem, instead, ask for specific changes or improvements.

Provide each prompt you gave ChatGPT bellow. Give each prompt a header like this :`#### Prompt X` where X is a counter starting at 1.

## Task 3: The Final Program
Include the final program created by ChatGPT in this repository.



